This file was not previously planned for in the original documentation that included the features of this project. However, it was a reasonable new addition as it made sense to be able to create output files of each vehicle make by year that included all of the states present
in the output file so that when the time comes to create the State Registration Map Generator Application, I can create a map of the United States of America to compare the states based on the vehicle registration counts each year, compared to just creating maps that can
can compare each state's vehicle registration counts to itself over the course of years within each state. 

This file was able to successfully take an input folder that the user downloaded and process it through the application, which was then able to read and process the input folder to filter data and create unique output files within an output folder directory, which was also made 
by the user. This created databases based on all of the unique 'vehicle make' combinations of all vehicles and states that were located in the input folder. The format of data was exactly as expected in the format of:
{'State', '2010', '2011', '2012', ..... '2021', '2022', '2023', '2024'}, as the years were based on what was found in the input folder, varying from vehicle to vehicle and state to state. 

DISLCAIMER: There is invalid data that has been appended to the output state registration data as there were zip codes that were in the downloaded state files from the ATLAS website that had zip code and registration data that was foreign to that state. It is unclear why that is
the case but there were validation checks to see if the wrong zip codes were found in the wrong state from the original downloaded files, and it turns out that it was the case. However, there are not many vehicle registrations belonging to foreign zip code registration counts, 
so therefore, it should not affect the finalized data too heavily. I may come back to this at a later time to delete the foreign zip code data to ensure complete accuracy of each state and their zip codes by manually deleting the foreign zip codes from the output databases of 
the Zip Registration Merge Data Application so that I can take and use that data to re-process through the State Registration Merge Data Application. 
